# Systems-and-Services-Linux-Coursework
The two scripts are :- 

del  &lt;pathname> - This script should move the file located at  &lt;pathname>  to the  dustbin directory in a manner  that will allow the file to be restored to its original location later as required.    The script should be able to cope with absolute pathnames, relative pathnames, multiple pathnames and therefore wildcards.    # del oldfile.txt secret/accounts.xls ~/public_html/old/*.htm       If the dustbin already contains a file with the same name as one being “binned” then it is acceptable that the earlier file is overwritten and lost.               

restore &lt;filename>  - This script should move the file called &lt;filename>  from the dustbin back to its original directory without requiring any further input from the user.  The script must work independently of the working directory that the user is in when running the command. i.e. It can never be assumed that the user will be in the same directory when they delete and restore a particular file.     # restore accounts.xls    If a file of that name already exists at the restore location, the script should change the restored file’s name by appending “.bak” to it to avoid overwriting the existing file.    If a deleted file is to be restored into a directory which has since been deleted the restore should automatically recreate the directory and any parent directories necessary so the restored file is put back in the same directory that it came from.  
